README.md, before:

# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone.

This repository is the starter code for the project: Students will fork and clone this repository, then build upon it to practice their HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX front-end skills, and their Node, Express and MongoDB back-end skills.

## Author
Jess N-L

## Getting Started

1. Fork this repository, then clone your fork of this repository.
2. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.
3. Start the web server using the `npm run local` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
4. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- Node 5.10.x or above

## Screenshots

#### 1. Web
!["Screenshot Tweeter Web"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/compose_tweet.png)

#### 2. Web (on hover tweet box)
!["Screenshot Tweeter Web Hover"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/tweet_hover.png)

#### 3. Tablet
!["Screenshot Tweeter Tablet"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/tablet.png)

#### 4. Mobile
!["Screenshot Tweeter Mobile"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/mobile.png)

Commit message:

Added Author's Notes in README file

README.md, after:

# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone.

This repository is the starter code for the project: Students will fork and clone this repository, then build upon it to practice their HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX front-end skills, and their Node, Express and MongoDB back-end skills.

## Author
Jess N-L

## Getting Started

1. Fork this repository, then clone your fork of this repository.
2. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.
3. Start the web server using the `npm run local` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
4. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- Node 5.10.x or above

## Author's Notes

- Applied an effect whenever the user submits the form. This was not required.

- You can view all my jQuery/JS files in the scripts folder **/public/scripts**.

- Implemented SASS before finalizing the project. You can view all my partials in the scss folder **/public/scss**. SASS auto-generates a stylesheet file which can be viewed in my css folder **/public/css**.

## Screenshots

### 1. Web
!["Screenshot Tweeter Web"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/compose_tweet.png)

### 2. Web (on hover tweet box)
!["Screenshot Tweeter Web Hover"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/tweet_hover.png)

### 3. Tablet
!["Screenshot Tweeter Tablet"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/tablet.png)

### 4. Mobile
!["Screenshot Tweeter Mobile"](https://github.com/jess-nl/tweeter/blob/master/docs/mobile.png)
